So even gets true or false depending on what the user chose in the dialogue if it's true.
So if he wants to finish then we should go back to the previous page.
So we probably somehow want to emit an event dead we are no longer in an ongoing exercise.
If it's false.
So if the user didn't confirm to exit then we want to receive them.
The timer now to achieve that.
Let's start with the exit case for dead or import the event emitter and output from an angle of core
and create my new property here.
Maybe at the top so that we can quickly see it decorated with at output which is training wups training
exit new event motor like dat.
Now I want to hold it if down here.
Result is true because it's true if the user confirms to exit.
So if for assault then I want to call this training exit emet just like that we made this event.
And now in the training component where we use the current training I can listen to training excerpt
and set ongoing training equal to force if it occurs because the user quit.
Let's try that out.
Let's start the training.
And stop it and confirm.
And we're back.
Let's start and stop and don't confirm and we stay alert to resume the timer.
So now to resume the timer.
We of course all need to implement some code.
The good thing is one thing we can do we can simply add a method maybe names start or resume timer and
put our timer code into this method.
Now I will call this method right in on in it.
So this start or reassumed timer.
And I also call it down there.
If resoled is not true so do we continue.
And since we always start to progress we can just continue like that.
So if we start a new training and we stop but then decide to not quit then it will actually recede and
continue.
We do quit though.
Well then we're done.
Ragon So with that we added our dialogue and we can control our ongoing training.
Still we're not really passing around data.
Obviously it works without us selecting anything and that dropdown.
These are all things we'll work on.
But for now I really liked the progress we made.
Now let's see what else we can do in the next lectures.